Hey, good morning family.
Thank you for joining me today.
It's just me today, but I'm excited to be here, and I pray you are too.
Yesterday, when Diana and I were praying over the things the Lord had for us, it was over the top.
The presence of the Lord was tangible in this house.
The Lord showed me again one last call; His eyes were looking over the horizon at the sheep that were lost.
He would leave the 99 and go after the one.
I could see Him longing for His lost child, the lost ones, the wayward people in the backfields.
He's coming for you.
I believe even Braden loved it when the Lord said, "The devil came at the youth hard, but I'm going to come at them harder.
I'm coming for the youth of this generation.
" He said, "I'm coming back for a glorious church," but man, what the Lord has in store for the youth!
I believe we're about to see some of the greatest moves of the Spirit of the Lord we've ever seen before—demonstrations and manifestations of the glory of God.
I know the Bible says there's a great falling away.
I understand that, but I know what He also said to me.
He said, "Brandon, I'm coming for the one.
" Do you realize how much Jesus loves you today?
Do you realize how much He has a plan for your life?
Every single one of you, He loves.
When we go through a major city and I see all the people, I think, "Isn't it amazing that He has interest in every single one of us?
" There are millions and billions of us.
There are only 300-some million people in the United States; around the world, there are billions.
Think about that.
He has a plan, and He knows every hair on your head.
He knows your past, He knows your future, and He knows everything about you.
He knows the day you're going to take your last breath, but He wants every one of you to know Him.
That's exciting.
It's overwhelming to me to think that He has a plan for every single one of us and that He knows us all that well.
He knows all our faults and our pains; He knows what you're bad at and what you're good at.
It's amazing.
God is a good God.
I was excited.
A lot of people say, "What does Sooner mean?
" or "What did you see, Sooner?
" I believe it is a representation of the land run.
If you look at what the Sooners do—the same reason why they named the college the Oklahoma Sooners—He highlighted "Sooners" in an arch before me.
He was talking about Japan and South Korea, and I thought that was interesting because He highlighted that to me.
People say, "How do you see all this?
Oh, you just have a great imagination, Brandon.
" I'm not that good, I'll be real with y'all.
If you realized who is talking to you behind the camera, you would go, "Wow.
" Seriously, I think it's amazing the things the Lord will show us in prayer if you seek Him.
When He talked about Iraq again, people say, "Well, are you talking about the revaluation of the Iraqi dinar?
" I have no idea.
When I'm in the Spirit like that and saying what I'm seeing, I don't remember a lot of what I'm saying because I'm flowing with the Holy Ghost.
So my son and my wife will say, "This is what you said," because Diana or Braden takes notes of everything the Lord shows me whenever I'm praying; that's what we do in our private time.
We're just doing more private time in public view so people can see us and how the Lord flows.
This is what we do on a day-to-day basis.
This is how serious we take it.
The Holy Spirit visits us like this all the time.
I'm not bragging; it's just real.
He will show us that which is to come.
This is how the Trump ear prophecy came out.
This is how saying there would be a red wave or XRP, and all these things He's showing me about wars and the plague—it is all birthed out of prayer.
I don't just walk around and get these prophetic words.
I told you, I don't feel like I walk in a prophetic gift; I'm a watchman.
It's totally different than somebody who walks around saying, "I hear the voice of the Lord.
" That's amazing when it happens, don't get me wrong, but I see when I pray in the Spirit, not in English.
Even my kids say, "Dad prays in tongues and Dad prays a lot in tongues, and that's what we do.
" I get in the car and drive around, and the Lord shows me things: open-eyed visions.
I don't close my eyes when I'm driving around and run into somebody!
I'm praying and looking, and all of a sudden, He'll show me an open-eyed vision.
I'll see things, and the Lord will show me that which is to come.
I believe that's a gift.
I believe God gives those gifts to intercessory prayer people—people who intercede for the nations.
They intercede and are prayer people.
I believe that He's no respecter of persons; what He'll do for me, He'll do for you.
I say it all the time: "Father, give me eyes to see what I need to see and ears for what I need to hear.
" I thank You, Lord, that I am never snared by any satanic or demonic force.
I thank You, Father, that no weapon formed against me will prosper, but I hear Your voice, and a stranger's voice I will not follow.
I hear You, Father; You speak to me and show me that which is to come as I sit on the wall.
That's what I do.
I confess that over myself all the time: I hear and see what the Father wants me to see.
And I take communion.
I have these communion cups—we've got communion everywhere: the living room, the kitchen, the bedrooms.
We have it in the car.
We go before the Lord with communion all the time.
We like it so much, I told y'all I'm turning purple!
It's just funny to us because we say we're turning purple.
Billy Burke says that: "I turn purple, I turn purple," because we take communion so much.
We believe in the anointing and the power of the Holy Spirit.
We believe Jesus Christ has chosen us and we are called to the kingdom for such a time as this.
We're excited you're here.
We're believing for a million-man and woman prayer army to pray on this channel, as He told us.
He said, "Brandon, you do this and we can change the course of governments and things all around us.
" So we saw about that yesterday.
We saw the Sooners and the things we prayed about Iraq.
I told you about the attacks; I said we're praying against attacks against our bases—our army bases and naval bases in Iraq.
I'm not familiar with them, but I saw bases being targets for war.
So we pray against that and for the Houthis, that they will not be able to hurt any of our service people, that they're always in the right place at the right time, and no weapon formed against them will prosper.
We pray over that.
I've prayed over what the Lord showed me about Kim Jong-un, the troops going over in the train, and the war trying to escalate.
I see it.
Then we were praying over...
there was a lot.
We had our list, but I thought, "Well, what's fresh today?
" If the Lord shows us something today, cool.
If he doesn't, I always go with anticipation that God is going to show up and show off and show us what he wants us to see.
So, we pray you're excited.
We pray you want to be a part of this.
And let's just get started.
So, we always take communion to start off.
I always enter by the blood of the Lamb, by the word of our testimony.
Thank you, Father, for all that you've done.
Thank you, Father, for all that you've done for us.
I thank you, God, that you set us free by the blood.
You said you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, we are healed.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, for your body that was broken for us today.
And we take this body and we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we are healed.
And we take it right now in the name of Jesus.
And we are healed from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
And we're expecting the manifestation of what we've been believing for now in Jesus' name.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we're delivered.
We're delivered from all bondage.
We're delivered in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Father, for it.
Lord, we plead the blood of Jesus over us.
You said in your word, if we confess our sin, you're faithful and just to forgive us of our sin and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us today, God.
And we thank you, Lord, for we make much of the blood, and the blood will make much of us.
And we plead the blood of Jesus Christ over us today.
And we thank you, Father, that it is well with us in our soul.
And we come up higher with the fire.
And we see from an eagle's eye, not down on the lower level, but Father, we come up higher with you on the higher level, seated with you in the heavenlies.
And we take our seat.
We take our rightful place with you right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that you're making intercession for us at the right hand of the Father.
And we take this blood right now and we plead the blood of Jesus Christ over us.
And we thank you, Father, that what you bore in your body, we don't have to bear in our own.
We're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, for all that you've done for us.
Thank you for your blood.
Thank you, Lord, for what you've done.
Glory to your name, Lord.
We're expecting and we'll be used by you.
We'll be filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost because we say yes.
Just like yesterday, he said, 'Who will say yes?
' We say yes.
We say yes today, Lord.
In Jesus' name.
Lord, we thank you.
The news is saying there's a rat in the White House.
I've heard that before.
Lord, you warned us about the rat.
You warned us about the people trying to sabotage and do the things that they're trying to do.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that the rats are found and caught in the cages that they need to be in.
I thank you, Father, that you're exposing the rats.
You're exposing the people that I've seen that are trying to bring down this government.
Father, your angels are going before us and they're preparing the way.
I send them out right now in the name of Jesus from the north, the south, the east, the west.
We call our angels, Father, to war on our behalf today.
We thank you, Lord, that your warring angel armies are warring on our behalf.
Father, you said we will work with them.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we will work with them and we commission them to go forth now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that they are bearing us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
And I pray over President Trump right now in the name of Jesus that he has great discernment.
And Father, he will hear you even in the midnight hour of knowing who to put around him, God, that he would know who are the rats and who is there to be trusted, Father.
That he'll not be snared by his own pride or anything of the flesh; that he would hear you, God.
He would be humbled before you, Father.
That he would humble himself underneath the mighty hand.
And in due time, he will be exalted.
And Lord, he's been exalted into his position of authority over America.
So Father, I thank you, Lord, that you protect our leader, that you undergird him, Father, that he would have the wisdom to lead this great nation back to victory, Father, delivering us out of the hand of the evil.
That Father, he is delivered out of the hand of the darkness, that he is not being influenced by any satanic or demonic force.
I thank you, Lord, for JD Vance, his wife, and his children, and over President Trump, his children, and Melania.
I pray a hedge of protection around every single one of them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for our leaders in Congress and our House, that there will be a radical move of the presence of the Lord, a radical move of the Lord on the Senate and the House floor.
That we will have revival.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for every judge and every person that's represented in the Congress and in the Senate.
Father, I pray over them right now in the name of Jesus for making godly laws, that there'll be a supernatural hand of the Holy Ghost on our nation once again for one last call.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I know that you showed me a great financial crash, but Lord, you said to me, 'Brandon, what the prayers prayed in October, the things that were prayed in October, I'm giving you extended time.
I'm giving you a season of grace for a great wealth transfer will come on the ones that are listening, on the 1%.
And as they hear me, they will be provided for.
' There will be a great shaking to awaken over America, for they will be humbled.
America will be humbled in the days ahead.
When, I don't know, but Lord, you said it was coming.
But I know that we will not be caught off guard.
It's not for us to be caught off guard.
Father, we pray mercy.
Just like Abraham interceded on behalf of Sodom and Gomorrah, we intercede on behalf of America.
And Father, we don't want to not have a shaking to awaken because Father, to keep going down the same road and wanting different results is insanity.
You have to have something to change it.
And we thank you, Lord, that there's a changing of the tide.
There's a changing of circumstances to shake the people out of the slumber.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, it's not just for the body of Christ, but Father, the ones in the back field, to shake them out of their slumber.
And what more to do it, Father, than you?
You'll do this.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that this is a time like we've never seen before for the greatest outpouring, the greatest radical outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord, more than what we've ever seen before on this earth, more than any time, more than any other place all throughout eternity.
Father, we've come to this time, the end of the end.
And Father, we were born in this time.
And Father, you've called us for this time.
And Father, I thank you that we please you.
You say, 'Well done, thy good and faithful servant.
Go and enter into my rest.
' Thank you, Lord, that that's who we are.
We will be the ones that close this thing up.
We're the closers.
Every single one of us right now that are born into this generation are closers.
And we will be the closers.
It wasn't brother Hagin.
It wasn't Oral Roberts.
It wasn't Kathryn Kuhlman.
It was us.
You called us for now.
They were the generation before the end of all.
And now you've called us, Lord, and we're going to finish the race.
They passed the baton, and as they pass the baton, we're running with the relay race baton.
And we're running and we're going to finish that way.
We see the finish line ahead of us, Lord, and we want to finish strong.
We want to live long and finish strong.
We want to finish the race with great victory and not just barely passing by over that finish line going, "Well, we made it.
" No, we go running and we break records.
We're barrier breakers.
We have a barrier breaker anointing on the inside of us and a barrier breaker mentality.
We don't have a "just give up, barely getting by" mentality.
We have a mentality of saying we can do all things through Christ who strengthens us.
We can do all things, for you've given us strength and a hope.
I believe, Father, that we'll be the barrier breakers.
Where Billy Graham went and saved hundreds of thousands in a meeting, Father, it will be more on us: the greater anointing, a greater capacity, a greater revelation of your word.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for supernatural wisdom concerning the word of God, that we would have an anointing of knowing how to teach and preach the word in a way that no generation has ever done before.
I thank you, Father, that this is a time that we soar.
We're coming up higher with the fire, Father.
It'll be just like Moses; if you would do that for Moses in the old covenant, how much more will you do it for us in the new covenant?
How much more, if you would do that for Elijah and Elisha, Father, how much more will you do it for us?
We have a new covenant with new promises and the blood of Jesus.
We believe, Father, that we receive the greater impartation that we've never seen on this earth before.
Father, it would be on the sons and the daughters.
You said in your word that you're going to pour out your spirit upon all flesh and your sons and your daughters will prophesy.
And I believe that we're that generation that's closing it up, Father, just like you said last night, who will say yes.
And Father, we will say yes.
We will say yes to you, Father.
We will seek you and we will find you.
We will knock and the door will be opened unto us.
You said, "Give, and it shall be given unto us: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will men give into our bosom.
" Father, I pray over every single person who has seed in the ground.
Father, that their seed will multiply: some thirty, some sixty, and hundredfold.
Father, we're thankful for the thirty and we're thankful for the sixty, but God, we're believing for the overflow.
And overflow comes out of hundredfold ground.
And I thank you, Lord, that we put our seed in hundredfold ground and we get forth that hundredfold harvest quickly—multiplication quickly in the name of Jesus.
We break the bonds of poverty and all the lack and "not enough" and "barely getting by.
" We take authority over it in the name of Jesus and we break it off of our households.
Father, that whatever we put our hands to will prosper in the name of Jesus.
Father, that we'll have exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
Father, this is not a time to shrink back, but it's a time to grab hold and take over the land.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're taking the land just like Joshua and Caleb did; we're not going to be grasshoppers or be the size of grasshoppers to the giants.
No!
Who is that uncircumcised Philistine that he will try to defy the armies of the living God?
We're going to take back the land and we're going to take it back strong.
And we're going to take it back with all we've got, not being afraid of the terror of the night nor for the arrow that flieth by day.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we're taking our dominion and our authority, and we're going into all the world and we're preaching the gospel throughout the whole world.
And you said when this gospel is preached throughout the whole world, then the end would come.
I believe that, Father, we are called to preach the gospel throughout the whole world.
And we're raising up our prayer force.
We're raising up an army of great believers on this platform, and they're going—from Africa, Asia, South America, and all over Europe.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there'll be a great harvest of souls come through this channel and we will touch this generation one more time for you, Jesus.
We'll do it.
We're not going to shy back and be afraid.
We're not going to be intimidated by what they think about us.
We don't care about what they think about us; we only care about what you think about us.
And you said, "Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
" You said you have a great future for us and an expected end.
Father, it's never for us to go just barely getting by; it's to have the overflow.
Not just about finances, but the glory.
The glorious church will rise without spot or wrinkle in these last days.
Like Tommy Hicks' vision said, when the giant points his finger at us, we don't shrink back and say no.
We say, "Yes Lord, here am I.
Yes Lord, here are we.
Send us.
" When he put the fire from the altar on his lips: "Here am I, Lord, send me.
" I thank you, Lord.
It's just like a fire shut up in my bones—a Holy Ghost fire shut up in my bones.
I believe there's fire on the inside of me, burning and keeping me alive, stirring me up.
And there's a new wine and new wine skin.
And every one of us that has been dry and every one of us that is lacking a fresh water and a drink today, we call them stirred up in the name of Jesus.
We break out of that pit of despair, the pit of hopelessness and "barely getting by" spiritually.
It's time to thrive in '25.
It's time to thrive spiritually in 2025.
Get up and shake off that old beggar's cloak and get off of that old "barely getting by, always broke" mentality and say, "God, I'm going to do something big for you today.
" We're going to do something big for Jesus.
Father, when we get on the other side, you will see the vast fruit of what we did for you.
We want to bring in the millions, the tens of millions.
Oh Lord, use us once again.
Oh Lord, use us with the fire again.
Oh Lord, stir us once again.
We need your fire, Lord.
We need the glory, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for the presence of the Lord on our lives, that when we walk into places they see the glory of the Lord on our faces.
They see it and they say, "What's different about them?
" And it's Jesus.
So God, we give you praise and glory and honor for it right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that all hidden things are being revealed.
We thank you, Lord, for the finances for all the things you said.
We seek you, God, and when we seek you, you said we find you.
We knock and the door will be opened unto us.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
We call all the wayward children home.
We call the blinders off of their eyes right now in the name of Jesus.
For you said in your word that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
Father, we're calling those blinders to be lifted off of their eyes and that they have the eyes to see what the spirit of the Lord is saying.
We call their eyes to open in the name of Jesus.
We call a supernatural eye-opening experience of the fire and the presence of the Lord like we've never seen before.
We believe, Father, according to Ephesians 1, that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
Father, they would know how much you love them.
Lord, Father, we thank you that the wayward ones haven't talked to their moms.
They haven't talked to their dad.
They haven't wanted to have anything to do with the family in so long.
Father, we're bringing them back in.
Thank you, Lord, that whatever it is—they're out on drugs or doing something bad—they're coming home in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, that they're coming home.
We call forth the husbands and the wives to be born again.
We call for supernatural manifestations in houses so that they will know the salvation of the Lord.
They will have a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I believe, Father, that the husbands and the wives are coming and being born again right now.
Father, we call those wayward people home right now in Jesus' name.
Someone may say, "Well, I can't live this way anymore.
" Father, I thank you that you give the other ones strength.
The husband or the wife who is born again is praying for their unsaved loved ones.
Father, you give them strength.
I thank you, Lord, that they walk in the full manifestations of the glory: love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, and self-control.
Father, I thank you.
We praise you, Father.
Now, Father, I just need to pray over our pastors.
We call forth a revival in our churches.
We call forth a stirring over our pastors like we've never seen before.
We're calling in those pastors right now in the name of Jesus to be stirred up.
Father, let them not be intimidated by a sister who says, "Well, she won't give her money if I preach this way.
" Father, let there not be any intimidation or a spirit of control on our ministers.
Let them flow freely with the presence of the Lord like we've never seen before.
Raise up a new generation if they do not—a generation of Davids who will go after and slay the giants.
Father, I thank you that we are not going to shrink back, but we will take the land.
Father, it starts in the house of the Lord first, for you said judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
So we thank you that you're cleaning house.
You're exposing the darkness.
Father, I thank you that you're exposing the darkness.
I thank you, Lord.
There's a fresh fire in the building, the altar.
There's fresh fire at the church.
There's fresh fire, Father.
So we're going to pray in the spirit now.
That was for the English speakers because so many people say, "I don't speak in tongues.
I don't understand what you're saying.
It's hard for me to enter in.
" So I prayed for the ones who want to pray in English so you can pray with me.
But I'm going to jump in the river now for a minute and we're going to pray and see if the Lord wants to show us anything.
I want to be polite because I have all kinds of different believers on our platform here.
We're thankful for every single one of you from all kinds of denominations and backgrounds.
A lot of you don't understand it, but I'm thankful that every one of you shows up because you're hungry.
Thank you.
We're going to jump in the river now.
If you want to, you can click out now.
If not, and you want to stick around and keep listening, I believe the Lord shows us things.
And so we're going to pray in tongues for a little bit.
Holy Spirit, I yield to you.
I thank you, Lord, that you speak through me.
You speak and you show me that which is to come.
I sit on the wall, Lord; we come up higher and we do the dance.
You lead and I will follow.
Holy Spirit, we thank you that you forgive us of our sins.
We've already done that with communion, but I always do it to make sure my heart is clear before you.
I thank you, Lord, that you speak through me boldly in the name of Jesus.
I yield.
We trust you, Lord.
We worship you, Lord.
We don't take any of it for granted.
We humble ourselves before you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for what a plan—oh, what a planner.
I hear you.
He said, "Come before me with thanksgiving.
Thank me for what I'm about to do in your life.
" Thank him!
Do you hear what he said?
He said, "Act it out in faith," is what I just heard him say about what I'm about to do in your life.
Act like you've already got it.
How would you act if somebody just wrote you a check for a million dollars and handed it to you?
How would you act if you just got your breakthrough of your unsaved loved one coming in?
How would you act if you just got your healing that you've been believing for?
What would you do if you just received it?
What would you be doing right now?
I heard him say that to me.
He said, "What would you be doing instead of praying right now?
What would you do if you got your breakthrough?
How would you praise me?
What would you do, Brandon?
" I heard him say it when I was praying.
And that's what he said to tell you all to demonstrate this right now.
So, Father, we give you praise and glory and honor and we shout the victory.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done.
Thank you, Lord, for how much you've provided.
Thank you, Lord, that you're the God of the breakthrough.
Hallelujah.
We give you praise and glory and honor.
Thank you, Jesus, for the healings.
Thank you, Lord, for your deliverance.
Thank you for Megan's healing.
Glory to God.
Thank you for the victory.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you've provided.
Thank you, Lord, for your finances.
Glory to God.
Thank you for how good you've been to us.
Thank you that you would want to visit us, Lord.
Glory to God.
We shout the victory.
We give you praise and glory and honor and majesty.
You are good and your mercy endures forever.
Thank you, Jesus, for the breakthrough.
Father, we will not allow the rocks to cry out.
We'll not allow them to do our job.
We give you glory, honor, and praise, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
Great is your faithfulness to us, oh God.
Glory to God.
We shout the victory.
We shout the praise.
You are good.
You are wonderful.
You are holy.
You are mighty.
Oh Lord, we praise you for all that you've done.
Glory to God for the breakthrough.
Oh God, we praise you.
Thank you, Father.
We give you praise and glory for it.
Everybody shout the victory!
Shout the triumph just like they did when they walked around the walls of Jericho seven times.
Then they gave the shout of praise and the walls began to shake and they fell to the ground.
He's delivered the land to us.
We shout the victory just like the walls of Jericho.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
Hallelujah.
Father, I thank you that the praises outmatch our prayers.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Jesus.
Hallelujah.
Well, we had a praise break.
That's what he said to do, so we just had a praise break.
That was fun.
I strained my voice.
Thank you, Father.
I believe it.
He inhabits the praises of his people today.
He inhabits the praises of his people.
He said, 'Act it out by faith, whatever you're believing me for.
Act it out by faith that you've already got it.
' How would you act if you already received it today?
You're not begging; we're believing.
And what the believers already believed, we received.
That's what he's trying to say to you: you believed, you already received it.
And whatever you're asking him for, by faith, you receive it.
But we act like we already got it.
It's already done.
We've got it.
We've got our unsaved loved ones.
We've got our healings.
We've got the finances we need.
We've got whatever we need.
He's provided, and I'm already acting like it's so.
That's what he's saying: act like it's so.
Hallelujah!
I love that.
Act like it's so today.
Whatever you do throughout your day, act like it's so.
Go through your day giving the Lord the highest praise.
Give God praise in 2025 for the breakthrough that you're wanting.
That's what I'm hearing.
Stir it up!
Give God praise today.
We've got to give God more praise.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done.
We have expectation for the manifestation.
We already know it's done.
We're giving him praise for it.
We're in the faith zone; we're in the receiving zone.
We've already received it.
I see the victory.
I see the finish line.
I see I've made that touchdown.
I see that we made a home run.
We've got it!
Jesus paid the price for you, so act like it.
I act like it today.
I've got the finances that I need for what he's told me to do.
He's going to bring it to pass.
I've got what he said I could have.
I have healing for my little girl; she's healed.
I receive it right now in the name of Jesus.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word says, and I am more than a conqueror through him who is in Christ Jesus.
Thank you, Jesus.
That's a big deal.
You might say, 'Well, I don't see.
' No, we just stay in that atmosphere of thanksgiving.
Thank you, Father, for bringing it to pass.
Thank you, Lord, that you bring it to pass at last.
For, Father, the sowers and the reapers are going to go hand in hand.
It's time.
This is not just about finances; it's about every area of your life.
It's time for children.
How would you be if you got your report today and you weren't able to get pregnant, and today you got a pregnancy test and found out you're pregnant?
How would you act?
Glory to God!
My baby's on the way!
My Isaac's on the way, not my Ishmael.
I've got an Isaac.
You've got an Isaac.
Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're no respecter of persons.
And even with the deadness of Sarah's womb, you touched her body when she was old and wasn't able to bear a child.
Father, you'll do it for me.
So I act like it.
I have that expectation inside of me that I will be what God has said I could be.
I will have what God said I could have.
I rejoice in the Lord always, and again I say, 'Rejoice!
' We stagger not at the promise of God through unbelief, but we're strong in faith, giving God praise.
We stagger not at the promise through unbelief, but we are fully persuaded that what God has promised, he is able also to perform.
We stagger not.
We're going to praise you.
We're going to worship you.
He is good, and you are bringing it to pass at last.
We believe, Father, that you're the God of more than enough, the God that's going to take care of everything we need.
Glory to God!
Thank you, Jesus.
Father, you inhabit the praises of your people.
The word says you inhabit the praises.
We praise you, and we lift you up.
We magnify, glorify, exalt, extol, and adore you.
Hallelujah!
Do you believe that today?
We praise him.
'I've been down too long, Brandon.
I don't know; I can't get all radical.
' Get radical!
Get radical about God.
Do you understand?
He wants to see somebody with some enthusiasm.
Get enthusiastic about what God is going to do for you.
Expect a miracle today.
You can't just sit there, lie down in beggar's clothes, and say, 'Oh Lord, are you going to pass me by?
' No, he's not passing you by.
He said he would never leave you nor forsake you.
Lo, to the end of the earth, he said he'd be with you always.
Now I'm just going to act like he's there.
That's why I say I practice the presence of the Lord regardless of how dry I feel.
I speak to the circumstances to change.
I speak for the change to happen now.
I speak for the new wine, the new bubbly, to bubble out of me.
I will not live in yesterday's glory.
I'm going to go from glory to glory, higher and higher with Jesus every single day.
Diana and I both do it; that's what we do and where we live.
We will not stay in yesterday's blessing or yesterday's spiritual touch.
I'm not camping there.
We could camp in yesterday's video—it was wonderful—but no, I know there's more.
And I know that he just said to praise him.
Act like it's already done.
How would you react if you received the telephone call?
'Hey, Mom, I got born again today!
I gave my heart to Jesus Christ.
Not only am I born again, but I'm baptized in the Holy Spirit, and I got radically saved today.
I gave my heart to Jesus, and I want to go to church with you on Sunday.
' How would you act?
Act like you've already received it.
And when you receive it, I hear this: don't be like the lepers, where only one came back to give God praise for the breakthrough.
Always stay in an atmosphere of thanksgiving to the Father.
Always give him praise, because if you give him thanks for everything, he'll always—I've seen it so many times—if you give him thanks for everything he's done, he comes back and gives more.
It's the spoiled brat that goes, 'Well, I got my breakthrough.
Okay, thanks, God.
' You give him a little bit of thanks and then you're back on the lake the next weekend, or going to the park, saying, 'Well, I don't have time for it anymore.
' I've learned that when we're going through the valley, when we're going through hard times, it seems that's when we're broken the most and seek him the most.
But when things are good, he becomes second; he's over here and not as important.
But when we're having the fight, going through the fire and walking through the valley of the shadow of death, we cry, 'Oh God, we need you!
' Stay in that place in your heart where you just need him.
Regardless of whether it's good or bad, God is good, and I refuse not to give him praise.
I refuse to let the rocks do my job, because the Bible says if we don't praise him, the rocks will cry out.
And I refuse to let the rocks do my job.
He's worthy of all praise.
He's worthy of all honor, and he deserves it.
Even in good times or bad times, you all seek him whenever things are going bad.
But seek him when it's going good.
He's worthy.
And I'm telling you all, build an atmosphere for the Holy Spirit to dwell in your house so that he feels comfortable.
That's what we do.
If you can't picture yourself sitting on the couch and watching it with Jesus sitting with you, because he dwells on the inside with you.
Some people are looking at bad stuff on the internet, and you're clicking and seeing them do bad things, and you're thinking Jesus is looking at it through your eyes.
So if you can see yourself looking at that stuff on the internet with Jesus looking through your eyes, then keep doing it.
But know he's there watching it with you, and you're exposing him to filth.
He dwells on the inside of you.
So say, 'If I can go into the bar and knock back this case of beer and Jesus is sitting here drinking beer with me, would you allow that to happen?
' No.
I'm not taking Jesus to the bar.
I'm not taking Jesus to the strip club.
I'm not taking Jesus to the nightclub.
He's holy.
I'm not going to pick up a cigarette and drag on it today, because if I can see Jesus doing it, would I do it?
You know, what would Jesus do?
But it's bigger than that.
Social drinking and all that—I don't believe in it.
What if you just knock back a bottle of wine and you say, 'Well, it's okay.
Jesus turned water into wine,' but I drank my four glasses?
And Sister So-and-so, I'm a little tipsy right now, and Sister So-and-so just called and said, 'My husband just got in a car wreck, and the doctor says that he's going to die.
Can you come up to the hospital and pray for us right now and intercede at the hospital bed?
' But you're like, 'Oh, hold on.
I need to sober up a little bit because I got alcohol on my breath.
' There's so much to this, you all.
I don't want anything that resembles the world inside of me.
I do not want anything that the world has.
I want to be sold out.
I want everything that God has.
And you say, 'Well, that's hard for me, Brandon.
I like going out with my friends and doing this and doing that.
' I've had so many people—and I said this before—saying, 'Oh, my teenagers can go out and do this and do that.
' It's none of your business.
I'm expecting to raise the dead.
I'm expecting to cast out devils.
I'm expecting to lay hands on the sick and see them recover.
I don't want to have one foot in the world and one foot in the church, walking the line and saying, 'Well, here I am.
If you want to use me, use me, Lord.
' No.
I'm all sold out.
I'm a vessel that is sold out.
Do I mess up?
Yes, we all do.
But my heart is always focused on him, being filled.
I want to stay filled.
That's how I see.
That's how I know.
That's how I hear him.
I don't want anything the world has to offer.
I want everything to do with Jesus.
Holy Spirit, do you have anything you want to say anymore?
For we give you praise, Lord.
We act like it's already done.
We act like we got that new car.
We act like we received our new house.
We act like we've got new clothes.
We act like we got groceries in our house.
You may just believe for some groceries.
It doesn't have to be a car, a house, or an airplane, or whatever.
I don't know.
But nothing's too big for God to move and there's nothing too small.
You may just say, 'I just believe for a candy bar.
' God cares.
So we give him praise for the candy bar.
I give him praise for whatever he gives me.
A cup of coffee.
God, I thank you for that cup of coffee today.
I praise you, Father, for the meal that I'm about to eat.
I'm about to have my sparkling water.
Thank you, Father, for this sparkling water.
Lord, this costs money.
And I thank you because every good and perfect thing comes from him.
And he provided this water for me.
I want to always stay on the side of thanksgiving and praise for everything he's done for me.
Thank you for this water; it tastes good.
It's good.
Somebody sent this communion cup to me.
They sent the whole box of them to me.
And I'm thankful I didn't have to buy that.
Somebody blessed me with this.
And I say, 'God, thank you for this communion cup.
' You all remember—you'd fuss at me all the time—I'd take the juice and I had a little piece of bread or a chip, whatever, and somebody was like, 'Brandon, I'm going to buy you communion.
' And they bought me communion cups.
I'm grateful for that.
I'm grateful for the sister who sent me the anointing oil.
I'm thankful.
Stay in a place where, even if it's something small, you always give God praise for it.
Give God praise today.
He deserves it.
People could criticize me all day long, but I'm going to tell you this: you'll never be able to say that I don't love the Lord, because I love him with all my heart.
My wife and I, we all seek him with all our heart.
And we seek him every day.
We seek him because we know what the Bible says is true: that those that seek me will find me.
To those that knock, the door will be opened.
And I worship the Father today.
For your goodness and your mercy endures forever.
Let it become real.
We ask, Father, for a real, authentic move of the Spirit of the Lord today on each and every single one of them that are so dry.
We say, 'Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed us till we want no more.
Fill our cup, fill it up and make me whole.
' Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
Jesus is coming soon.
Morning or night or noon.
Many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise.
Righteous meet in the sky.
Going where no one dies.
heavenward bound.
And Jesus is coming soon.
Morning or night or noon.
Many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise.
Righteous meet in the sky.
Going where no one dies.
heavenward bound.
Soon and very soon, he's coming.
How many of you all have that anticipation inside?
You wake up every single day and you know there's something different.
You can just sense it in the atmosphere.
There's something about to happen.
It's not normal right now.
I can feel it.
And I just saw it when I was singing right there: Easter again.
I keep seeing Easter, and people say that's a pagan holiday.
I celebrate the resurrection of my Lord Jesus on that day.
Take all your weirdness away.
I celebrate Jesus on that day.
Thank you for dying on the cross for me.
Hallelujah.
I'm telling you, something major is about to happen for you.
Something major is about to happen for every single one of you.
You just believe him and you receive it.
Act like it's so today.
Something major is about to happen for every single one of you.
I believe it.
He told me, 'I'm going to show up and show off in your life.
' This is a season of great joy and fun for the Body of Christ.
You will see the greatest harvest of souls.
Hallelujah.
A season of great joy, of great fun.
I receive it.
The fun has just begun.
Glory to God.
I receive it, Lord.
I receive it.
I believe.
I receive everything I just prayed.
I just received that right now in Jesus' name.
Receive it.
We receive it.
Glory to God.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
For in your presence there's healing divine.
Do you believe that?
You believe in his presence there's healing divine.
Glory Lord, Glory Father.
We worship you.
Thank you, Jesus.
I think we went along tonight again for quite a while, probably.
Most people say keep going, but I try to respect your time.
I respect what the Holy Spirit is doing, too.
At the same time, I know I'm going to keep dipping in the river even after it's over.
I say it's more for me than it is for you.
I just go, "Hey, because this is what we're going to do.
" But I just record it.
We record the prayer.
But it's just for me; I'm a piggy when it comes to getting all I can.
Oh, I'm going to sit.
We're going to drink, drink, drink from the well.
There's nothing else that matters.
What else matters other than him?
It's what changes you from the inside out.
Everything is at his feet.
He's worth it all.
Jesus paid it all.
All to him I owe.
Praise the one who paid my debt and raised life up from the dead.
Oh, Father, I worship you.
I know.
I feel it.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
Touch every single one of these people.
Glory, holy, oh Lord.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
We give glory to your name, oh Lord.
Glory to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I give glory to your name, oh Lord.
Take the care out of your prayer.
But in everything you do with prayer and petitions, make your requests be made known unto the Lord, giving thanksgiving.
You've got to give him thanks.
Remember that.
You've got to give him praise and thanks and worship him.
And as you do that, when praises go up, blessings come down.
Act like it's so today.
We love you.
We pray for you, every single one of you.
For those who sent the photos asking for prayer, Diana and I pray for those photos.
We bless you all.
We thank you for your friendship.
We thank you that you trust us enough to pray for you, that you believe that God has called us.
That means a lot to us.
You're here every day, you come and you watch these videos, and it means a lot.
I know your time is valuable just like our time is valuable and we always want to be cautious with that.
Thank you for spending your day with us.
Thank you for giving us an opportunity to come into your homes, your cars, your place of work, your gym, wherever you're at.
Thank you for being a part.
We pray these videos stir you.
We pray you feel the presence of the Lord on them.
We pray that you get a touch from the master today.
That when you walk away, you're changed and you're not going to be the same; there's something different about you today.
Well, we just want to say thank you and please subscribe if you haven't subscribed.
I know these videos are different for all the new subscribers, but please subscribe and click the notification bell, the like, the thumbs-up button, and comment something nice down below.
It really helps with the algorithm.
We really appreciate every single one of you.
We bless you.
We pray for you.
He will put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we will see you again tomorrow.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.